The first iteration of adding USD docs (#205)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/addon_usd_artist_contribution_workflow.md

---
id: addon_usd_artist_contribution_workflow
title: USD Contribution Workflow
sidebar_label: Contribution Workflow
---

:::info
This page is still under construction 👷🚧🛠️🔜🏗️.
:::

# Ayon USD Contribution Workflow

> [A recent PR](https://github.com/ynput/ayon-core/pull/295) implemented a special **AYON USD Contribution Workflow**.

Author: After sometime, this PR will be no longer recent. 
So, could we tweak it a little, maybe 
```suggestion
**AYON USD Contribution Workflow** was introduced in this PR [Implement USD workflow with global asset/shot contributions plug-in](https://github.com/ynput/ayon-core/pull/295) 
```
It also make me wonder, should we change the mentioned PR's title https://github.com/ynput/ayon-core/pull/295. because the title mentions houdini, although it related to more than Houdini.
